fix: add docs for starting ephemeral workspaces (#2462)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/url-parameter-for-starting-ephemeral-workspaces.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT

> :description: URL parameter starting ephemeral workspaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: URL parameter for starting ephemeral workspaces
```

:keywords: ephemeral-workspace, persistent-workspace
:navtitle: URL parameter starting ephemeral workspaces
:page-aliases:

[id="url-parameter-for-starting-ephemeral-workspaces_{context}"]
= URL parameter for starting ephemeral workspaces

The URL parameter for specifying a supported storage type is `storageType=__<storage_type>__`:

[source,subs="+quotes,+attributes,+macros"]
----
pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]#__<git_repository_url>__?storageType=__<storage_type>__
----

The URL parameter `__<storage_type>__` values for supported storage types are `ephemeral`, `per-user` and `per-workspace`.

The URL for starting an ephemeral workspace:

[source,subs="+quotes,+attributes,+macros"]
----
pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]#__<git_repository_url>__?storageType=ephemeral
----

> If the URL for starting a new workspace doesn't contain a URL parameter specifying the storage type, {prod-short} uses the default storage type defined in the `CheCluster` Custom Resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the URL for starting a new workspace does not contain a URL parameter specifying the storage type, {prod-short} uses the default storage type defined in the `CheCluster` Custom Resource.
```
will let @max-cx @themr0c review but as I recall we do not use contractions in the official docs
